very good everyone here we are new
gta 5 video online a video in which
good a speed test in which you
we are going to teach the vinca trust versus the
bat and 801 I think it's called and well then
It is a test that is good because the truth is
that we liked as much as I liked
you will have the farga channel or your sight
in the description so let's go back
to start with the test but not before
tell you that the tinka trust is worth 75,000
while the bati is very much
cheaper and cost the 9000 and so
nothing then let's start with the test
here we say the two good tenths
to the three
we're two and three and we started the
two at the same time and as you see lavat and
it comes out a little earlier but what happens that the
well we are both crouching
agreement is not just giving it to accelerate
we are both crouched because if one
motorbike is crouching and another without bending
it would surpass him that motorcycle
to any other then for example
as you see, he has reached the abbot and first
because by the exit that has I say
that comes out a little faster than the
farm but what happens if the farm
is crouched in the person who goes in the
vinca and the abbot innovates crouched
then he would win the farm because
we have tasted good here we are
starting to make one here for time
agreement for you to see that
for time keeps coming wash out and before
and well, well
here you are seeing that the beaten before and
Now I want to tell you something by doing
a little horse we will far surpass
our rival then this is a
little trick that good the truth
that he built there is no advice that you
I give to you if you have a career
motorcycles well you do a horse
you have the front wheel and just
go hit a pass to our
partner like here we are seeing we have
started both at the same time and good and
I 'm already seeing that the bati comes out or
there are times that it comes out a little before there is
times that goes out much earlier and good here
As you can see, the farm is doing the
little horse is doing the little horse
farc and you are watching the beating that I
is hitting so I think that what
Well that's a small truquillo and
Well if I honestly think
to spend etc 75 thousand euros 75 thousand
dollars on the line I prefer to spend
9000 in the bati so nothing then that already
it is your choice and so on
nothing because if you liked there
favorites subscribed if you are not no
forget to comment what you think
the video in the comments and you know
see you next video greetings and
see you later
Y